added AWS billing support info (#1639)
kirodotdev/Kiro: README.md

## Support
For additional support beyond issue reporting:
- Join our community [discord server](https://discord.gg/kirodotdev) for quick help and discussions with other developers
- For billing-related questions, please contact our support team through [AWS Billing Support](https://support.aws.amazon.com/#/contacts/kiro).

> - For technical issues or general assistance, reach out via [AWS Support](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awssupport/latest/user/case-management.html#creating-a-support-case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are an existing AWS customer with a paid support plan, for technical issues or general assistance, reach out via [AWS Support](https://support.console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/).
```
